---
title: "App keys, client ID, and client secret"
excerpt: "Welcome to the Dimensions REST API Excerpt..."
---

#  App keys, client ID, and client secret

Requests against the Dimensions API require a valid application key passed in the HTTP `appkey` header and require a valid client ID and client secret passed in the HTTP `client_id` and `client_secret` headers.

* [Generate and access app keys](#GenerateAndAccessAppKeys)
    * [Log in and navigate to My Apps](#LogInToTheSuiteUI)
    * [Generate a key](#GenerateAKey)
    * [Update the name associated with a key](#UpdateAKey)
    * [Access and use app keys](#UseYourAppKey)
* [Access client ID and client secret](#AccessingClientIDandClientSecret)

## Generate and access app keys {#GenerateAndAccessAppKeys}

Requests against the Dimensions API require a valid application key passed in the HTTP `appkey` header. This key allows you to track your API usage per application. 

The app key must be generated by an employee with the appropriate Developer Admin permissions. Refer to the [Configure Developer Portal access](C:b687dfe3-e5db-467c-9e72-ecd7713f8fa3) topic for more information.

### Log in and navigate to My Apps {#LogInToTheSuiteUI}

To log in to the suite UI and navigate to My Apps:

1. Log in to the Dimensions user interface as a manager with full Developer Portal access permissions.
2. Open the **Main Menu**, select **Administration** and **Application Setup**. Expand **Common Setup** and select **My Apps**. 
3. A list of current application names and associated statuses is displayed.

### Generate a key {#GenerateAKey}

To generate an app key:

1. [Log in and navigate to **My Apps**](#LogInToTheSuiteUI).

2. From **My Apps**, select **Add**. **Create App Key** appears.
3. Enter a name for your application in the Name field.

	*__Note:__ Remember the name you select for this application. This display name can be changed later.*

4. Select **Save**.
5. A *Success* confirmation appears. Under **My Apps**, select the name of the application you created in the previous step and select **Details**.
6. The Keys menu is automatically expanded and the App Key field displays your app key.

	*__Note:__ Do not share your app key. This key cannot be changed.*

### Update the name associated with a key {#UpdateAKey}

To update the name associated with an app key:

1. [Log in and navigate to **My Apps**](#LogInToTheSuiteUI).

2. Select the name of the application and select **Edit**. **Edit `<<app name>>`** appears.
3. Enter a new name for your application in the Name field.

	*__Note:__ Remember the name you select for this application. This display name can be changed later.*

4. Select the radio button next to either **Save changes everywhere that the named entity is used** or **Save as a new named entity** and select **Save**.

	*__Note:__ If you select __Save as a new named entity__, this generates a new app key associated with the new name you entered. The existing app key remains associated with the original entity's name.*

5. A *Success* confirmation appears.

	*__Note:__ Do not share the app key.*

### Access and use app keys {#UseYourAppKey}

Developers and Developer Administrators can both view app keys and make API calls using those app keys. Refer to the [Configure Developer Portal access](C:b687dfe3-e5db-467c-9e72-ecd7713f8fa3) topic for more information.

To view the app key associated with an application:

1. [Log in and navigate to **My Apps**](#LogInToTheSuiteUI).

2. Select the name of the application and select **Details**.

3. The Keys menu is automatically expanded and the App Key field displays your app key.

Use app keys to generate tokens by following the steps in the [Authentication and Security](C:a4943b5b-f44d-4eab-8ccd-24da43b26e64) topic or use an app key to [Make an API call](C:3ca261ba-fc8b-4354-a2b1-6892e006c046).

## Access client ID and client secret {#AccessingClientIDandClientSecret}

When a tenant is provisioned, a password-protected Excel worksheet is attached to your company's Salesforce account that contains all of the details necessary to configure employees to make API calls. This information includes your tenant name, URL, client ID, client secret, SFTP details, and so on.
 
If you do not have access to these details, contact your system administrator. If for some reason these details have been lost, open a case with UKG support.